---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "nebraska_group Resource - terraform-provider-nebraska"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  A group provides a particular release channel to machines and controls various options that manage the update procedure.
---

# nebraska_group (Resource)

A group provides a particular release channel to machines and controls various options that manage the update procedure.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "nebraska_package" "package" {
  version = "2942.1.0"
  arch    = "amd64"
}

resource "nebraska_channel" "channel" {
  name       = "custom-channel"
  arch       = "amd64"
  package_id = data.nebraska_package.package.id
}

resource "nebraska_group" "group" {
  name       = "custom-group"
  channel_id = nebraska_channel.channel.id
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- **name** (String) Name of the group.

### Optional

- **application_id** (String) ID of the application this group belongs to.
- **channel_id** (String) The channel this group provides.
- **description** (String) A description of the group.
- **id** (String) The ID of this resource.
- **policy_max_updates_per_period** (Number) The maximum number of updates that can be performed within the `policy_period_interval`. Defaults to `9999999`.
- **policy_office_hours** (Boolean) Only update between 9am and 5pm. Defaults to `false`.
- **policy_period_interval** (String) Period used in combination with `policy_max_updates_per_period`. Defaults to `1 minutes`.
- **policy_safe_mode** (Boolean) Safe mode will only update 1 instance at a time, and stop if an update fails. Defaults to `false`.
- **policy_timezone** (String) Timezone used to inform `policy_office_hours`.
- **policy_update_timeout** (String) Timeout for updates Defaults to `60 minutes`.
- **policy_updates_enabled** (Boolean) Enable updates. Defaults to `true`.
- **track** (String) Identifier for clients, filled with the group ID if omitted.

### Read-Only

- **created_ts** (String) Creation timestamp
- **rollout_in_progress** (Boolean) Indicates whether a rollout is currently in progress for this group.


